♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Skye] "Pups Go All Monkey."
-[Katie] That's Mandy.
-[grunts]
She got sick
and had to go to the animal hospital.
The doctors helped her get healthy again,
and now she's going back home
to the jungle on a train.
She has a special car and everything.
Cool!
-[whistle toots]
-Oh, that's Mandy's train!
-Come on!
-Great!
[whistle toots]
Next stop, Adventure Bay!
[screeches]
Oh!
All your fruits and vegetables
are on this car.
[grunts]
Wonderful!
[sniffs] Mmm!
Smell those oranges and mangoes!
[sniffs] And bananas.
We'll get your fruit loaded in the van.
[barks]
Here come the boxes.
[barks] Shovel!
Rubble on the double!
Mmm!
[chattering]
Thank you, Marshall.
Whoa!
[Rubble laughs] Nice hat, Marshall!
Looks like there's
a banana clean up on aisle six!
[all laugh]
[Katie] I bet Mandy can't wait
to get back out in the fresh jungle air.
[gasps] Mandy's boxcar is open!
Mandy?
Where'd she go?
[Ryder] She can't be far.
The train just got here.
[Mandy chattering]
Hey, my van!
[panting]
[chattering]
Come back with my van!
And my bananas!
Mandy can't run wild in Adventure Bay.
Don't worry. We'll get her back.
-[beeps]
-PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
[all] Ryder needs us!
Yeah! [barks] Yeah!
[barks] Yeah!
[laughs]
-[Rocky] Yay!
-[all barking]
[panting]
Whoa, look out!
[Marshall] Sorry.
[elevator bell dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir!
[beeps]
A monkey named Mandy
escaped from the train.
A monkey's running around Adventure Bay?
Awesome!
Mandy loves bananas.
She drove off in Mr. Porter's van,
taking all his bananas with her.
Drove off?
I didn't know monkeys could drive.
Yeah, I thought only pups could.
[all laugh]
[laughs] She is a really clever monkey.
She's not going to be easy to catch.
[beeps]
Skye, I need your helicopter to search
for Mandy and Mr. Porter's van
from the air.
[gasps] Yippee!
This pup's gotta fly!
[beeps]
Chase, I need your net to catch Mandy
and put her back on the train.
Chase is on the case!
All right! PAW Patrol is on a roll!
-[barks]
-Whoo-hoo!
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go ♪
-Yeah! [barks]
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
-Yeah!
-[laughs]
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[barks] Yeah!
-♪ Skye! ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Chase! ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
-[siren blares]
[tires squeal]
[siren blaring]
-[beeps]
-Skye!
Right here, Ryder.
See if you can spot Mandy or the van.
You got it, Ryder.
[Skye] I see the van.
She's just about to reach City Hall.
We're almost there.
[tires squeal]
[brakes screech]
[siren blaring]
Yikes!
-[horn honking]
-[laughs]
-[tires squeal]
-[pedestrians scream]
[Mandy] Honk, honk!
-[horn honks]
-[screams]
Whoa!
[laughs]
-[Ryder] There she is!
-[siren blaring]
Let's go!
[tires squeal]
-[chattering]
-[horn honks]
[whistle toots]
That train is headed right towards Mandy!
Don't worry, Ryder. I'll stop her.
[laughs]
Megaphone! [barks]
Attention, monkey!
Please pull your van off the train tracks.
[gasps] I said please!
[whistle toots]
-Oh no!
-[beeps]
ATV on auto-pilot!
[chattering]
[whistle toots]
[laughs]
[Brakes screech]
Wow, Ryder, you did it! Just in time!
-Thanks, Chase.
-[chattering]
Wait, Mandy! Come back!
[chattering]
[kids] Hey, our ball!
[both] Hey, a monkey!
[chattering]
-[laughs]
-[kids laugh]
[both] Look at that monkey climb and jump!
Cool!
-Okay, Chase, ready?
-[barks]
As soon a Mandy comes for the banana,
catch her in your net.
[Mandy laughs]
Oh, Mandy, come and get a nice banana!
Oh! [chatters]
Get ready, Chase.
[chattering]
-Now!
-Net! [barks]
-[Mandy] Whoa!
-[gasps]
[grunts]
Oops, that didn't work!
Sorry, Ryder!
[barks] Net, away!
-[engine starts]
-My ATV!
[Mandy chattering]
I'll get her! [barks]
[siren blares]
[Mandy] Whoa!
[siren blaring]
Ryder and Mr. Porter?
Let's see if we can catch her.
You got it, Ryder.
[chattering]
Pups, Mandy is headed your way.
[chatters]
Where did she go?
-[phone rings]
-Skye, what is it?
Ryder, look up!
-Huh?
-[chattering]
Wow, Mandy sure loves to climb!
[chattering]
Hmm.
Mandy loves to climb and swing and slide!
I've got the perfect plan.
[chattering]
Oh, hi, Mandy.
We've been looking all over for you.
[chattering]
[elevator bell dings]
Here we go! Let's hope it works.
Marshall, don't let her out the door.
You got it! [barks]
-[beeps]
-[Mandy chatters]
Look what I've got.
Oh!
[chatters]
Whoa!
-♪ Mandy! ♪
-[chattering]
-[Mandy] Mmm!
-[both] Got her!
Great job!
Great plan, Ryder!
Um, Mr. Porter, you better get
behind the wheel before Mandy does.
Oh, right!
[whistle toots]
Bye, Mandy! Get home safe!
[all] Bye!
Thanks for getting my van back,
PAW Patrol.
You're welcome.
Any time you're in trouble,
just yelp for help!
Well, I guess that's it.
The van is all loaded up
with mangoes and oranges.
But Mandy ate most of the bananas.
[all] Aw!
I love bananas!
Though I did save enough
to make a batch of banana muffins.
Any monkeys around here want one?
-Huh?
Ooh-ooh, ee-ee! [laughs]
-[laughs] Here you go!
-[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
[vocalizing] ♪ PAW Patrol ♪
Ooh-ooh, ee-ee!
-[all making monkey noises]
-[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
[laughs]
-[vocalizing] ♪ PAW Patrol ♪
Monkey see, monkey do!
[laughs]
[theme music playing]